Master of the temple, I advise you to surrender.
Otherwise you will die very ugly hahaha
No one has talked to me like that in a long time.
Most importantly, you are the first.
You probably think you won, right?
But the shopkeeper told you
As long as I'm here.
Everything is possible.
I don t know where your confidence comes from.
Nature comes from my own strength.
La Bu Phan, the two elders beside me are both great masters.
The more we get into the great reverent master.
What do you take against me?
Hello Master
One can stop thousands of people.
The greater the Master can prevent millions
The unspeakable monk
Even though I don't play books
But our ten countries didn't lose.
You and the store owner are great.
Song Long has me, the owner of the store.
Today the winner is still me.
The master immediately knelt on the ground begging for mercy for the store owner to obey.
Surrender.
The shopkeeper is so arrogant.
Why don't I take this guy's head off and give it to you?
Dare to beat the king, the winner kills without mercy.
The first general next to King Zhu Linh Vuong
Kill me Meteor countless warriors
Just in time today I will take your dog s life first to pay homage to my Stone Kingdom warrior.
Lao Tiet today will show you the power of my Chu Duke.
It seems that the head of the Trac Infernal
You can only let me take it.